Why did you choose this subject?
- I'm always interested in learning something new, and Ember's been on on my to-do list for a while. It worked out well that others in the class were interested in it as well and we could learn together.

How were you first made aware of it?
- It was mentioned in GA as part of the MEAN stack, and I also heard about it from a Sr. Developer at a meetup.

What problem does it solve?
- Provides another tool for client-side js projects

How does it solve the problem (conceptually)?
- Front-End engineers building complex single-page apps using an MVC framework

Why does one use it?
- To write heavy front-end applications with clean code (relatively speaking)

What are the alternatives?
- Angular, Backbone

What is it similar to, if anything?
- Rails because it follows conventions

What is the history of this technology?
- Initially released in 2011, but the first stable release was 8/22/15 according to wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ember.js

Who built it and why?
- Yehuda Katz, to build "simplification and stability without stagnation"

Who is maintaining it?
- The Ember Core Team: http://emberjs.com/team/

What is your opinion on the technology after having built something with it?
- I haven't finished the tutorial, but it seems like another js framework to use that could be a powerful tool to use depending on your project scope

What are the biggest conceptual hurdles (if any) you encountered when researching this?
- It is a fairly new technology and some of the tutorials reference some legacy components (such as depending on the emblem templating language)

What resources do you recommend for interested students?
- The Ember website is a great start that provides a helpful overview of the technology: http://emberjs.com/about/

What article or forum was most helpful to you in learning this?
- We followed this tutorial: http://ember.vicramon.com/

What are 3 interview questions one might be asked about this technology?
- Why use Ember over another framework?
- Given Project 'X', what are the positives and negatives to using Ember?
- Which company was behind the creation of Ember (this is a trick question because it is several companies)

LOCAL INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS:

- The tutorial (http://ember.vicramon.com/) has a Rails backend. After cloning this repository to your local machine, remember to run 'bundle install' in the command line and set up a database and run a migration.
- App will listen on port 3000. Visit http://localhost:3000/api/v1/leads.json in your browser to see the JSON data output
- Irnoically today's stopping point in the tutorial was the line that ends with "That’s it for the Rails side! Now we can get to the fun stuff" (http://ember.vicramon.com/creating-the-rails-api)
